[Music]
hey Jamie
well that's some strong for lung
iContact so we're gonna bounce yep
they were together nine years I thought
we could handle anything until I
actually just got a job in San Francisco
I just don't feel like I'm ready to
leave New York
why hey leave you like that you don't
want to try thank you you're beautiful
girl
we're before-and-after pitches right now
[Music]
oh I gotta kill you okay basically I
just really want you to call your place
of work and tell them you have your
period or something and then just call
for my permit you know the beginning of
a disaster movie like right before the
girl who looks like me dies and like
right when a girl who look like you walk
outside and be like oh my God look how
crazy this guy looks this feels like
that I leave in a week and then I turn
30 and then I die probably I need one
last epic day with my crush I am deeply
obsessed with us right now I can't be
married say like us
is at the end of an era everything's
changed I mean we're out here take it R
if you have a girlfriend
whatever kindly leave your
heteronormative labels and a
box thank you making
choices you still have that boyfriend
you hate oh sorry this is goofin around
yes this just can't be where it ends
this is destiny you are Beyonce
love you guys for real
our best friend is out there drinking
champagne from a bottle of green juice I
just want to scoop her up and make it
all go away
wait it's the green juice mimosa sky
genius I feel better I'm gonna pick them
up
[Music]